Add release notes for crash log location (#12414)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

## n
-->

## Show location of Java crash log

> Sometimes, the Gradle daemon crashes due to some bugs in Java, Gradle or some third party plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the Java virtual machine executing the Gradle daemon crashes due to a bug in Java, Gradle itself, or in the user code being executed.
```

> When Java crashes, it writes a [fatal error log](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/troubleshoot/felog.html) to the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Java VM crashes, a [fatal error log](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/troubleshoot/felog.html) is created in the working directory of the daemon process.
```

Reviewer: Should we link the Java 8 docs here, or something newer perhaps?

Author: I am linking to the Java 13 docs now.

I also applied your suggestion manually.

Reviewer: I guess that's fine, though maybe we should link to LTE versions only? Probably nitpicking.

Author: Java 11 it is.

Since it may be hard to find out what the working directory of the daemon process is, Gradle now prints the location of the crash log to the console.

> For example, the following build crashed, and creates a crash log at `/home/user/project/hs_err_pid11783.log`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following build crashed, and created a crash log at `/home/user/project/hs_err_pid11783.log`: 
```
